[Music]
ten natural tricks to remove dark knees
and elbows accumulation of dead skin
cells friction extensive exposure to Sun
or a hormonal imbalance can become the
cause of dark knees and elbows these
parts of our body don't contain any oil
glands and it's important to protect
them from dryness through proper care
and hygiene we've got ten easy yet super
effective techniques to help you nourish
your skin and remove dark patches number
one cucumber due to its bleaching
properties cucumber is among the most
effective ways to get rid of dark knees
and elbows it removes dead skin cells
and keeps your skin moisturized vitamins
8 and C that are present in cucumbers
keep the skin beautiful and fresh gently
rub thick slices of cucumber over your
elbows and knees for 15 minutes leave it
on for another 5 minutes and then rinse
it off with cold water you can also mix
equal amounts of cucumber juice and
lemon juice apply the mixture on your
knees elbows and also underarms leave it
on for 20 minutes and rinse it off do
this on a daily basis number 2 lemon and
baking soda lemon is an excellent skin
lightening ingredient it's packed with
antioxidants and vitamin C which
promotes skin regeneration and improved
skin complexion baking soda acts as a
gentle and effective cleanser for
whitening dark areas of skin
take a lemon and cut it into two halves
sprinkle one tablespoon of baking soda
on top of the lemon rub your elbows and
knees for one minute let it sit for 15
minutes and then wash off with warm
water repeat once every two days for a
desired effect number three
aloe vera and milk aloe vera contains
substances that help to moisturize your
skin and improve uneven skin tone
it also has antibacterial and antifungal
properties the combination of aloe vera
and milk is a simple and useful way to
lighten your skin naturally mix equal
amounts of milk and aloe vera gel and
apply the mixture to your skin leave it
on overnight and then wash it off the
next morning alternatively you can
extract the gel from the aloe vera leaf
and apply it to your knees and elbows
leave it on for 20 minutes and then wash
it off with warm water
number four potato potato is rich in
catechu lays enzymes that can naturally
lighten your skin tone daily usage of a
potato will soften your skin and help
you get rid of dark areas break the
potato squeeze out the juice and apply
it to your skin leave it on your skin
for fifteen minutes then rinse it with
water apply a moisturizer you can also
rub your elbows and knees with a potato
cut into slices for about ten to fifteen
minutes and then wash off number five
turmeric turmeric is the most natural
remedy to remove impurities and dead
skin cells from your knees and elbows
without any side effects it contains a
compound called curcumin which reduces
and regulates the excess production of
melanin responsible for dark complexions
mix some turmeric powder with one
teaspoon of milk apply it to the knees
and elbows massage for a few minutes and
leave it to dry naturally rinse it with
warm water you can add a bit of honey to
the mixture for a better effect number
six coconut oil coconut oil is packed
with essential fatty acids and vitamin E
that help to repair dark and damaged
skin after each shower or bath apply
coconut oil to the affected areas
massage gently for two to three minutes
until the oil is absorbed into the skin
you can also add half a teaspoon of
fresh lemon juice - 1 teaspoon of
coconut oil and gently massage your
knees and elbows for a few minutes
number seven honey honey acts as a
natural moisturizer in combination with
lemon it can work wonders on your skin
mix two tablespoons of honey the juice
of half a lemon and 1 teaspoon baking
soda apply the mixture over the darkened
areas let it sit for 20 to 30 minutes
and wash off honey also works well with
milk and aloe vera you can combine 1
tablespoon of honey with a 1 teaspoon of
milk and 1 tablespoon of aloe vera gel
apply the paste to your skin leave it
for 15 minutes and rinse it off with
warm water
[Music]
number 8 sugar and olive oil a homemade
scrub made from sugar and olive oil will
nourish hydrate and remove dead cells
from your skin combine equal amounts of
sugar and olive oil to make a fine
mixture apply it to knees and elbows and
massage in circular motions for about 5
minutes repeat this on a weekly basis
this scrub can also be used to cleanse
your face just make sure not to rub too
hard as it may hurt your skin
number nine oatmeal scrub along with
having a lot of benefits for health
oatmeal is another effective way to have
a flawless skin tone you will need lemon
juice oatmeal and salt mix the juice of
half a lemon half a teaspoon of oatmeal
and a pinch of salt apply the scrub in
circular motions to your knees and
elbows for 10 to 15 minutes rinse with
warm water repeat this process three to
four times a week to achieve the best
results you can also combine two
tablespoons of oatmeal with two
teaspoons of milk and massage the dark
areas for ten minutes then rinse it off
with water it will make your skin feel
soft smooth healthy and radiant number
10 vinegar and yogurt the rich content
of acetic acid in vinegar and lactic
acid in yogurt will help to cleanse your
knees and elbows and reveal glowing skin
mix one tablespoon of yogurt in one
tablespoon of apple cider vinegar apply
this mixture on your skin leave it on
for 15 minutes and wash it off with warm
water repeat this procedure three to
four times a week another easy way to
lighten your skin is to mix apple cider
vinegar with some water and apply it to
your elbows and knees with cotton balls
leave it on for 15 minutes and wash it
off do you know any other effective skin
lightening tips feel free to share them
with us in the comments and here's our
bonus two easy exercises to say goodbye
to knee or foot pain bright side reminds
you the correct diagnosis and treatment
are up to your doctor but you can
alleviate the symptoms right now
exercise one
this exercise is aimed at altering the
arch of your foot and holding it
properly it's best to do it in the
morning
stand on tiptoes for twenty to thirty
seconds repeat five to ten times
exercise two it's one of the best
exercises for strengthening weak ankle
muscles and ligaments put some beads on
the floor take the beads one by one with
your toes and place them into a glass to
have an even better effect take note of
other exercises as well you'll feel that
your feet are much lighter and your mood
will improve too don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
you